[desktop-lite] Suggested usage of appPort instead of forwardPorts for devcontainer-cli (#1096)
devcontainers/features: src/desktop-lite/NOTES.md

You can also connect to the desktop using a [VNC viewer](https://www.realvnc.com/en/connect/download/viewer/). To do so:

1. Connect to the environment from a desktop tool that supports the dev container spec (e.g., VS Code client).

> 1. Forward the VNC server port (`5901` by default) to your local machine using either the `forwardPorts` property in `devcontainer.json` or the user interface in your tool (e.g., you can press <kbd>F1</kbd> or <kbd>Ctrl/Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> and select **Ports: Focus on Ports View** in VS Code to bring it into focus). If using the [Dev Conatiner Cli](https://github.com/devcontainers/cli), you should use the `appPort` property in `devcontainer.json` instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Forward the VNC server port (`5901` by default) to your local machine using either the `forwardPorts` property in `devcontainer.json` or the user interface in your tool (e.g., you can press <kbd>F1</kbd> or <kbd>Ctrl/Cmd</kbd>+<kbd>Shift</kbd>+<kbd>P</kbd> and select **Ports: Focus on Ports View** in VS Code to bring it into focus). If you are using the [Dev Container CLI](https://github.com/devcontainers/cli), you should instead use the `appPort` property in `devcontainer.json`.
```
